Included description for all commands (#4039)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: sharepoint/sharepoint-ps/sharepoint-online/Set-SPOTenant.md

> When the feature is enabled, all external sharing invitations that are sent will blind copy the e-mail messages listed in the BccExternalSharingsInvitationList.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the feature is enabled, all external sharing invitations that are sent will blind copy the email messages listed in the BccExternalSharingsInvitationList.
```

The valid values are:  
- False (default) - BCC for external sharing is disabled.  

> - True - All external sharing invitations that are sent will blind copy the e-mail messages listed in the BccExternalSharingsInvitationList.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- True - All external sharing invitations that are sent will blind copy the email messages listed in the BccExternalSharingsInvitationList.
```

Multiple addresses can be specified by creating a comma separated list with no spaces.

The valid values are:  
- "" (default) - Blank by default, this will also clear any value that has been set.  

> - Single or Multiple e-mail addresses - joe@contoso.com or joe@contoso.com,bob@contoso.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Single or Multiple email addresses - joe@contoso.com or joe@contoso.com,bob@contoso.com
```

Creates a Shared with Everyone folder in every user's new OneDrive for Business document library.

The valid values are:  
- True (default) - The Shared with Everyone folder is created.  
- False - No folder is created when the site and OneDrive for Business document library is created.

The default behavior of the Shared with Everyone folder changed in August 2015.  

> For additional information about the change, see Provision the Shared with Everyone folder in OneDrive for Business (https://support.office.com/en-us/article/Provision-the-Shared-with-Everyone-folder-in-OneDrive-for-Business-6bb02c91-fd0b-42ba-9457-3921cb6dc5b2?ui=en-US&rs=en-US&ad=US)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For additional information, see [Manage document privacy](https://support.office.com/article/manage-document-privacy-8a30ee69-618a-4c34-93ae-1842074da9b8).
```

Note, this only applies to new external users accepting new sharing invitations. Also, the resource owner must share with an organizational or Microsoft account or the external user will be unable to access the resource.

The valid values are:  

> - False (default) - When a document is shared with an external user, bob@contoso.com, it can be accepted by any user with access to the invitation link in the original e-mail.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- False (default) - When a document is shared with an external user, bob@contoso.com, it can be accepted by any user with access to the invitation link in the original email.  
```

> - False (default) - When a document is shared with an external user, bob@contoso.com, it can be accepted by any user with access to the invitation link in the original e-mail.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- False (default) - When a document is shared with an external user, bob@contoso.com, it can be accepted by any user with access to the invitation link in the original email.  
```

SharePoint Administrators will still be able to use starts with or partial name matching when enabled.

The valid values are:  

> - False (default) - Starts with / partial name search functionality is available.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- False (default) - Starts with/partial name search functionality is available.  
```

Specifies URL of the form to load in the Start a Site dialog.

The valid values are:  
- "" (default) - Blank by default, this will also remove or clear any value that has been set.  

> - Full URL - Example: "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/path/to/form"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Full URL - For example: "https://contoso.sharepoint.com/path/to/form"
```

```

### -CommentsOnFilesDisabled

> Disables or enables commenting functionality on the files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Disables or enables commenting functionality on files.
```

> [!NOTE] 
> Setting this value to “none” will default “get a link” to the most permissive link available (that is, if anonymous links are enabled, the default link will be anonymous access; if they are disabled then the default link will be internal.  

The valid values are: 

> - None - Respect the organization default sharing link type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- None - Respect the organization default sharing link type.
```

> - Direct - Sets the default sharing link for this site to the Specific people link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Direct - Sets the default sharing link for this site to the Specific people link.
```

> - Internal - Sets the default sharing link for this site to the organization link or company shareable link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Internal - Sets the default sharing link for this site to the organization link or company shareable link.
```

> - AnonymousAccess - Sets the default sharing link for this site to an Anonymous Access or Anyone link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AnonymousAccess - Sets the default sharing link for this site to an Anonymous Access or Anyone link.
```

```

### -FileAnonymousLinkType

> Anonymous access links can allow recipients to only view or view and edit. The value can be set separately for folders and separately for files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anonymous access links allow recipients to only view, or view and edit. The value can be set separately for folders or for files.
```

```

### -FolderAnonymousLinkType

> Anonymous access links can allow recipients to only view or view and edit.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anonymous access links allow recipients to only view, or view and edit.
```

```

### -IPAddressWACTokenLifetime

> Allows to set the session timeout. If you are a tenant administrator and you begin IP address enforcement for OneDrive for Business in Office 365, this enforcement automatically activates a tenant parameter IPAddressWACTokenLifetime. The default value is 15 minutes, when IP Address Enforcement is True. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Allows you to set the session timeout. If you are a tenant administrator and you begin IP address enforcement for OneDrive for Business in Office 365, this enforcement automatically activates a tenant parameter IPAddressWACTokenLifetime. The default value is 15 minutes, when IP Address Enforcement is True. 
```

### -ODBAccessRequests
Lets administrators set policy on access requests and requests to share in OneDrive for Business.

The valid values are:

> - On - Users without permission to share can trigger sharing requests to the OneDrive for Business owner when they attempt to share. Also, users without permission to a file or folder can trigger access requests to the OneDrive for Business owner when they attempt to access an item they do not have permissions to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- On - Users without permission to share can trigger sharing requests to the OneDrive for Business owner when they attempt to share. Users can also trigger access requests to the OneDrive for Business owner when they attempt to access an item they do not have permissions for.
```

> - Off - Prevent access requests and requests to share on OneDrive for Business.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Off - Prevent access requests and requests to share in OneDrive for Business.
```

> - Unspecified - Let each OneDrive for Business owner enable or disable access requests and requests to share on their OneDrive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Unspecified - Allows OneDrive for Business owners to enable or disable access requests and requests to share.
```

### -ODBMembersCanShare
Lets administrators set policy on re-sharing behavior in OneDrive for Business.

The valid values are:
- On - Users with edit permissions can re-share.

> - Off - Only OneDrive for Business owner can share. The value of ODBAccessRequests defines whether a request to share gets sent to the owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Off - Only OneDrive for Business owners can share. The value of ODBAccessRequests defines whether a request to share gets sent to the owner.
```

### -ODBMembersCanShare
Lets administrators set policy on re-sharing behavior in OneDrive for Business.

The valid values are:

> - On - Users with edit permissions can re-share.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- On - Users with edit permissions can reshare.
```

- Off - Only OneDrive for Business owner can share. The value of ODBAccessRequests defines whether a request to share gets sent to the owner.

> - Unspecified - Let each OneDrive for Business owner enable or disable re-sharing behavior on their OneDrive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Unspecified - Allows OneDrive for Business owners to enable or disable resharing.
```

```

### -OwnerAnonymousNotification

> Enables or disables owner anonymous notification. If enabled, an email notification will be sent to the OneDrive for Business owners when an anonymous links are created or changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables or disables owner anonymous notification. If enabled, an email notification will be sent to the OneDrive for Business owners when anonymous links are created or changed.
```

### -SharingAllowedDomainList
Specifies a list of email domains that is allowed for sharing with the external collaborators. Use the space character as the delimiter for entering multiple values. For example, “contoso.com fabrikam.com”. 

> For additional information about how to restrict a domain sharing, see [Restricted Domains Sharing in Office 365 SharePoint Online and OneDrive for Business](https://support.office.com/en-US/article/Restricted-Domains-Sharing-in-Office-365-SharePoint-Online-and-OneDrive-for-Business-5d7589cd-0997-4a00-a2ba-2320ec49c4e9).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information about how to restrict domain sharing, see [Restrict sharing of SharePoint and OneDrive content by domain](https://support.office.com/article/Restricted-Domains-Sharing-in-Office-365-SharePoint-Online-and-OneDrive-for-Business-5d7589cd-0997-4a00-a2ba-2320ec49c4e9).
```

### -SharingBlockedDomainList
Specifies a list of email domains that is blocked or prohibited for sharing with the external collaborators. Use space character as the delimiter for entering multiple values. For example, “contoso.com fabrikam.com”. 

> For additional information about how to restrict a domain sharing, see [Restricted Domains Sharing in Office 365 SharePoint Online and OneDrive for Business](https://support.office.com/en-US/article/Restricted-Domains-Sharing-in-Office-365-SharePoint-Online-and-OneDrive-for-Business-5d7589cd-0997-4a00-a2ba-2320ec49c4e9).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information about how to restrict a domain sharing, see [Restrict sharing of SharePoint and OneDrive content by domain](https://support.office.com/article/Restricted-Domains-Sharing-in-Office-365-SharePoint-Online-and-OneDrive-for-Business-5d7589cd-0997-4a00-a2ba-2320ec49c4e9).
```

### -SharingDomainRestrictionMode
Specifies the external sharing mode for domains.

The valid values are:
- None
- AllowList - Users will be able to share with external collaborators coming only from that email domain.
- BlockList - Users will be able to share with all external collaborators apart from the ones on the BlockedDomainList.

> For additional information about how to restrict a domain sharing, see [Restricted Domains Sharing in Office 365 SharePoint Online and OneDrive for Business](https://support.office.com/en-US/article/Restricted-Domains-Sharing-in-Office-365-SharePoint-Online-and-OneDrive-for-Business-5d7589cd-0997-4a00-a2ba-2320ec49c4e9).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For additional information about how to restrict domain sharing, see [Restrict sharing of SharePoint and OneDrive content by domain](https://support.office.com/article/Restricted-Domains-Sharing-in-Office-365-SharePoint-Online-and-OneDrive-for-Business-5d7589cd-0997-4a00-a2ba-2320ec49c4e9).
```

### -SharingDomainRestrictionMode
Specifies the external sharing mode for domains.

The valid values are:
- None

> - AllowList - Users will be able to share with external collaborators coming only from that email domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- AllowList - Users are able to share with external collaborators from that email domain only.
```

> - BlockList - Users will be able to share with all external collaborators apart from the ones on the BlockedDomainList.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- BlockList - Users can share with all external collaborators apart from those on the BlockedDomainList.
```

```

### -ShowPeoplePickerSuggestionsForGuestUsers

> Shows people picker suggestions for guest users. To enable the option to search for existing guest users at Tenant Level, set this parameter to $true.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Shows People Picker suggestions for guest users. To enable the option to search for existing guest users at Tenant Level, set this parameter to $true.
```

> [!NOTE] 
> The only two characters that can be managed at this time are the # and % characters.  

The valid values are: 
- NoPreference - Support for feature will be enabled by Microsoft on your Office 365 tenant.

> - Allowed - Lets the # and % characters in file and folder names in SharePoint Online and OneDrive for Business document libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Allowed - Allows the # and % characters in file and folder names in SharePoint Online and OneDrive for Business document libraries.
```

```

### -UserVoiceForFeedbackEnabled
Enables or disables the User Voice Feedback button.

PARAMVALUE: $true | $false

> When set to $true, the "Feedback" link will be shown at the bottom of all modern SharePoint Online pages. The "Feedback" link will allow the end user to fill out a feedback form inside SharePoint Online which will then create an entry in the public SharePoint UserVoice topic. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to $true, the Feedback link will be shown at the bottom of all modern SharePoint Online pages. The Feedback link will allow the end user to fill out a feedback form inside SharePoint Online which will then create an entry in the public SharePoint UserVoice topic. 
```

> When set to $false, feedback link will not be shown anymore. It may take up to an hour for a change of this property to be reflected consistently throughout your tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When set to $false, The Feedback link will not be shown anymore. It may take up to an hour for a change of this property to be reflected consistently throughout your tenant.
```

```

### -LimitedAccessFileType 
Allows users to preview only Office files in the browser. This option increases security, but may be a barrier to user productivity. 

The following parameters can be used with `-ConditionalAccessPolicy AllowLimitedAccess` for both the organization-wide setting and the site-level setting. 
- OfficeOnlineFilesOnly: Allows users to preview only Office files in the browser. This option increases security but may be a barrier to user productivity.

> - LimitedAccessFileType WebPreviewableFiles (default): Allows users to preview Office files and other file types (such as PDF files and images) in the browser. Note that the contents of file types other than Office files are handled in the browser. This option optimizes for user productivity but offers less security for files that aren't Office files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LimitedAccessFileType WebPreviewableFiles (default): Allows users to preview Office files and other file types (such as PDF files and images) in the browser. Note that the contents of file types other than Office files are handled in the browser. This option optimizes user productivity but offers less security for files that aren't Office files.
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. 

> For more information, see about_CommonParameters (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [AboutCommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).
```
